hello can you read this
word
i do it
my daughter is getting married
congratulations here is my baby sesile a and
dad died speak first leave best
not always my sweet baby
that from the moment I induced damage hoped
that will die but she only broke her legs
all and that the plane launches silicone
Koreans are no more
with long after with them
worry dresses I'll bring
layout
they are left to either wife tyk you want
of war
you will beg me vegetables in the car not
smoked
2131 rubbed the day
forgot about the code and now let's open
the door of the evolis of my place is that
crash at interpol and aircraft dodging
from arrest
you give
lost years
we need to have time for our daughter for the wedding
unlikely
and what are you doing I save the length and
the police .
you ever say thank you to me
thank you you are just a genius these 100 meters
worth it i'm sleeping down below i will
okay let you be handsome and I am so
bulgan of passion
that you had a nightmare road